Let's start to wrap up this test.
So right after we make our request, we probably want to make sure that we get a response with that
very particular status code.
In this case, I'm going to expect that we get a status code back of 201 to indicate that a payment
actually was created.
Right now, our route handler is definitely not returning it to a one.
It is returning a 200 by default just to make sure that we pass that part.
I'll go back to the route handler really quickly.
Here's the send statement.
And again, ascend defaults to using a 200.
So I'm going to chain on a status.
Of 2a1 like so.
Besides making sure that we get back at 201, we might want to also make sure that we call that Stripe
API or the Stripe library with the correct set of arguments.
So to do so, we need to somehow get access to that stripe mock function or really the create mock function
we put together and make sure that this thing was invoked and make sure there was invoked with the correct
arguments.
So to do so at the very top of my test file, I'm going to add in an import.
Or Stripe from up to directories.
Stripe.
Now remember, because we are mocking out the Stripe module right here when we write out this import
for Stripe just is going to make sure that we get the Stripe file inside of our MOX directory, not
the real version of the stripe file.
So now back down inside of our test.
We can write out some expectations around that mock function, very similar to all the different expectations
we've written out before.
We can make sure that the mock create function was called.
We can make sure that was called with the correct arguments to get access to the actual arguments that
that thing was called with.
I'm going to create a variable right here called charge options.
And this will come from Stripe charges.
Create, mock and then remember off of here, we can take a look at all the times it was called.
So calls that is going to be an array of arrays.
So we could take a look at the first time it was called.
And then for that first time, we could take a look at the first argument like so.
And we are getting an air from TypeScript right here.
TypeScript is saying, hey, this great thing does not have a mock property tied to it.
Remember, we can teach TypeScript what's going on here.
If we take just Stripe charges, create, put a set of parentheses around it, and then inside the parentheses
write in as just a mock like so.
Now charge options is going to be back inside of our handler, this object right here so we can make
sure that this object has the correct properties.
We can make sure that it has the appropriate currency, the correct amount, and the correct token as
well.
So we'll write out three expectations to make sure all those properties are set correctly.
I'll take a look at charge options dot.
Source.
And I'll expect that to equal tock.
Visa.
I will expect charge options that amount to equal and the amount that we are charging should be at whatever
amount or price we had listed on the order at times 100.
So in this case my price was 20, so it will be 20 times 100.
That's what I should have provided for amount.
I'll put in 20 times 100.
And then finally I will expect that charge options currency.
Is equal to USD.
And that should be it.
Let's now save this and see how this test is doing.
Back over at my terminal.
Yep.
Looks like it works as expected.
As usual.
Let's try to make this test break really quickly.
So back inside the handler.
I'll just comment out the striped charges.
Create call.
Save it.
Now, if I flip back over, we're probably going to see some errors around those expectations that the
thing was called with some specific arguments.
Yep.
So it looks like we get an error when we try to pull off the calls property from that mock because now
the create function was probably never called, not even once.
Yes.
This looks pretty good.
Now.
It's definitely works.
But of course the downside to this approach is that we are not really testing reaching out to the Stripe
API itself and you might want to test and make sure, hey, we actually can reach out to the real Stripe
API and provide some correct values.
We'll take a pause right here and we'll take a look at an alternative way of testing this stuff.
Totally optional.
But let's go through anyhow in the next video.